well Israel also carried out air strikes
near a hospital in Gaza on
Wednesday the explosion you've just
watched happened outside the alwafa
hospital which is already out of service
due to previous strikes nearly half of
the Gaza strip's 35 hospitals have now
been forced to close down well let's
speak to alzer's hanni abua he joins us
now from outside the al- AXA Hospital in
de albala which is in central Gaza honey
I've been speaking to you and all of our
brave teams in Gaza for days now and
today I really have no words how is wild
doing well it's been very very sad
morning for Palestinians living in in
Gaza particularly people who live in
nsat Camp where a a massacre took place
at late hours of last night a
residential home that was targeted and
completely destroyed killing more than
30 people 13 of them are from one family
and three of those people who got killed
are the family of our
colleague Al jaaz correspondent in in
Gaza uh air strikes are everywhere and
as we speak there is Heavy Artillery uh
Shilling going on in the eastern part of
the city of hanun and there bombing more
homes and destroying more infrastructure
uh there are uh uh air strikes carried
out by sophisticated attack jits uh
destroying every bit uh and every sign
of life in the Gaza Strip the tragedy of
this that there is a there's an extreme
lack of equipment and Machinery to help
uh removing the rebels and save uh
people from under the reub the rebels
unfortunately it's always late when when
an attack happen on a strike destroy a
residential home
uh first responder paramedics rush to
the side they save people who were in
the vicinity of the attacks because they
are the easiest to reach but those who
under the rebels sometimes they stay
there for hours and that's and it that's
the reason why every attacks leave so
many casualties and when you have a
three-story building a five-story
building coming down all the sudden with
people inside and with no equipment
proper equipment uh the the the number
of people who are killed in the
casualties is
massive and you say in different parts
of the
Gaza yeah sorry I was just going to ask
because you're saying that these
attempts are still ongoing to get people
out from under the rubble with barely
any equipment no electricity I believe
the people who are missing under the
rubble included some 800
children yes that's exactly correct
there are more than
1,800 children are missing under the
Rebels on top of that there is an ex
exact number of women and elderly as
well under the building this number is
scattered across the Gaza STP from north
to south when people were ordered to
evacuate from the northern part of Gaza
all the way to the South they just found
themselves in the past days under heavy
bombardment and air strike similar
situations uh that they were ordered to
evacuate a FR uh which is very ironic
some people decided that we want to go
back and and die in our homes why do we
why Israel is asking us to evacuate to a
place that is supposedly be safe for us
take it as a shelter and then come and
bomb us so some of these families try to
are are working on just making their way
back to their home they said death is is
is the same everywhere so we we better
die in our homes at least people will
know uh exactly who we are now the
number of people who are at hospitals
and and paramedics are unable to
identify so massive it's because family
members are scattered in different part
say for example I I've known of a family
that is two individual are in the in in
in in the Central Area uh three more and
in in the the the southern part one
remains with the with the with the wife
and children Gaza so if if anything
happens to anyone of these family and
because the the communication system is
completely disrupted it's hard to get
hold of everyone in the north and Gaza
it's easy for people to go missing and
not being identified for days of course
and hany we're actually seeing from from
our reporting as well that people are
now tying armbands around the wrists of
their children so then they can identify
their bodies if they're wounded or or
found dead I mean all the grief that
we're seeing it seems that there's no
respite either the bombardment has been
continuing how are the hospitals holding
up there I know you're outside one in in
central Gaza right
now yes well there's no sign of
deescalation of the air strike it's
either intense mass bombardment by air
strikes or it's heavy artillery Shilling
and sometimes both at the same time
leaving no chance for people just to
even think what is their next step now
what people have been doing here because
of fear of going missing and because
there's no way to communicate with
family members either they tie a
bracelet into their children hands or WR
using a a whiteboard marker just to mark
them so in case h they they go into
pieces they would identify those be and
this is exactly what happened the past
two weeks a family member recognize his
siblings the the the pieces the flesh
pieces of their sibling just from the
Whiteboard markers that he used to mark
them it's such a very very heartbreaking
uh situations for Palestinian
literally running for the life and and
and trying to save as much as they can
terrible terrible stories Hy abua there
on the ground for us in the central part
of the Gaza Strip thank you so much
honey and please please we hope you and
your family also stay safe